This is the ultimate match. You're
trapped on an abandoned island,
forced to fight against your friends, and
the only way you're escaping is eliminating
everyone you meet. What do you do when you can
be blown at any time, and you must choose to
either lie or get rid of all your friends?
I'm going to break down the mistakes made,
explain what you should do, and how to beat
the government's Death Game in Battle Royale.
This class of high school students are
living the last free moments of their lives.
None of them have any idea that they've
been selected for this year's Battle Royale,
a government-sponsored programme, where
every year, a class of students is selected
to fight to the death, but it's too
late for them to do anything about it.
Shuya here wakes up in a dark classroom
with a high-tech collar locked to his neck.
Okay, permission to freak out now. Groggy or
not, we need to realise something important.
This took a lot of planning, deception, military
involvement, remote locations, in coordination
with the government. So the biggest mistake we
can make is to think we have any control over
what happens next. These collars are enough for
me to realise that attempting to escape won't work
and could just get us killed. So, if it's me, I'm
hiding in the back of the room until we know more
about the situation. The more information
we have, the better decisions we can make.
Their old teacher, Mr. Kitano, suddenly arrives in
the classroom with a fully-armed military escort,
and he introduces them to the Battle Royale,
a death match designed for rebellious students
in Japan, and they watch a video that explains
the rules. They've been brought to an abandoned
island, which has been divided into quadrants
and danger zones that change daily. And if there
isn't a single winner by the end of three days,
everyone dies. Okay, this is life or death. We
have valuable information here, and if we memorise
this information to build a strategy before even
leaving the classroom, we'll have a better chance
of surviving by far. This place has mountains,
cliffs, valleys, and I would be analysing which
areas would give me the best geographic advantage.
Personally, I would start in a low-lying
valley that has good forest coverage to
hide in or enough water from the mountain to
drink, and a flat terrain for easier travel.
Suddenly, the teacher spots one of the students
whispering and kills her with a throwing knife.
If there was any doubt where this
was going, now there's no question.
The students freak out and try to escape as the
soldiers block off the exit, but the teacher
isn't finished. A soldier grabs one of the kids,
and remotely triggers his collar, causing it to
explode. It's absolutely terrifying. But this is
actually the best news so far tonight because this
teacher has just revealed a huge flaw with the
collar. Since these could be exploded anywhere
on the island remotely, we can assume these
devices use either radio or microwave frequencies,
and the good news is, these frequencies can
be blocked. Radio and microwaves are extremely
sensitive to interference of metal objects, and
if we find aluminum foil in any of these abandoned
buildings on the island, we could wrap it around
the front of the collar to block the frequency and
take it off. Each student is called up by their
number one by one, taking a rucksack of random
supplies before leaving the class. But there are
two students that stand out among the rest. The
bandana-wearing transfer student is very focused,
getting out of the room as quickly as possible,
while the other transfer student is way too
relaxed about this death match. These two simple
reactions tell me all I need to know, that I do
not wanna mess with them, but they both just made
the same mistake as the rest. Everyone is running
through the door without even checking their bag.
I just know, if I was the first to leave, I
would be waiting outside behind a wall or a bush
and killing every student before they even
have the time to reach for their weapons. So,
if I'm not the first one out the door, I'm opening
my bag inside the room to get my weapon out before
leaving. Finally, Shuya here is called up, running
out of the class and right into a bush to hide.
Very brave. He immediately realises the games have
begun, as a student appears with a bolt lodged in
her throat and her killer running towards them.
He sees his friend Noriko and runs away with her,
leaving the killer behind as he falls down the
hill. Escaping the madness, the two take shelter
in some caves, where they check their rucksacks
to find they have no weapons, only a pot lid and
a pair of binoculars. This is completely unfair.
It's important to safely assess what you have in
your bag as soon as you can because it could
completely change your strategy for survival.
If you're stuck with useless weapons, you need
to find something better. We could scavenge
for weapons from dead students, but if you're
found carrying only a pot lid, you're screwed.
At this point, nature is our best weapon. Take
a sock off and put rocks inside it, giving you
a hard-hitting close range weapon, and
in the other hand, a loose rock to throw
at any oncoming threats. Using these, I would go
scouting for a better weapon after the sun rises,
once the students have had time to spread further
out, leaving the dead bodies behind to scavenge.
In the northern end of the island, a gang has a
transfer student surrounded as he discovers his
weapon is a paper fan, that's even worse than
a pot lid. They all think he's harmless until
he distracts one of the students, steals
his gun, and kills them all in seconds.
He takes all their gear, including a revolver
and some hand grenades, before leaving.
This is the most dangerous kid on the island.
Now, if it wasn't for his lightning-fast reflexes,
these guys could have easily taken him out.
Teaming up and outnumbering your classmates
to kill might seem like a better strategy, but
it becomes a lot more risky in the long-term
because every member of the group is extremely
vulnerable to betrayal. It's a trade-off some
might be willing to make, but there's more to
consider. Large groups are noisier, they're easier
to track, and they require more food and water.
So any resources found must be shared or else
there will be infighting. Ultimately, it's fool's
gold. Stay away from this idea and hunt alone.
A girl is hiding in an abandoned shed,
looking at photos, when someone comes in.
If you see someone shine their flashlight like
this, don't trust them. Mitsuko here is one of
the meanest girls on the island, and she's going
to have one of the highest body counts of anyone,
starting with this girl here. Now, some are
cut out for this kind of scenario, and some
are not. These four have offed themselves as soon
as the game start. This is a sad waste of life,
but I'm not crying because there's four
less people to kill and they've handed us
an amazing opportunity, their collars, because
I can learn more about what's possible without
risking my own life. I'd also test if any metal
I find will block the radio waves or not. If it
works on theirs, it will work on mine too, and I
can break it off and hide until everyone is dead.
Early the next morning, the teacher announces
who's been killed and where the danger zones
are. These two are currently standing in one of
them, and they've got an hour to leave or else
they're dead. They want to force us to move
so we don't hide and stagnate the Death Game,
but I would counter this by lining
myself up on the intersection of four
grids. So while everyone else is
scrambling to escape the zones,
I barely have to move or venture far away
from a hidey-hole that I would set up nearby.
I can make better use of my time setting up
traps, alarms, or gathering more resources.
They walk through the forest and get attacked by
a hatchet-wielding student. Shuya here wrestles
with him and ends up in a fight, cleverly using
his pot lid as a shield, but in their scuffle,
the hatchet lodges itself in the other kid's
head and he dies. This guy has the right idea,
but he made two mistakes right away. First, if
you're going to ambush someone, don't jump into
their faces, it's just dumb. The whole point of an
ambush is to attack when they're in a bad position
to fight back or deflect. I would have waited
for them to pass and attack them from behind.
The second thing he did wrong was hiding
in something that's noisy. These people
are already on high alert and you're giving them
advance warning. Leaves rustle, so I would have
covered the hiding area with mud because it's
silent and still blends in with the environment.
That's when the class president comes out of
the woods and threatens them with his gun,
but their shade from the transfer student with
a bandana appears, shooting him full of buck
shot. Surprisingly, he doesn't kill the other two,
instead taking the hatchet out of the other kid's
head. Why did he spare their lives in a Death Game
where there can only be one winner? There is a lot
more to this guy than meets the eye. That's when
they hear someone speaking over a megaphone and
the girl finds two students calling for everyone
to stop fighting and talk it through, letting
everyone know where they are, including the other
transfer student who shoots them in the back.
Man, this guy is nasty, but these two girls were
asking for it. They broadcasted their location,
but easy kills like this won't come often. There
are 26 students left to kill and many of them will
be in hiding. Finding them all will be exhausting
unless you know where they're going to be,
but a lack of vital resources will draw them out
of hiding. I would wait where there's either food,
clean water, or shelter and stake it out. Now,
you can wait for them to come to you and conserve
your energy for killing. Just like this girl does
when she catches her classmate Mitsuko unprepared.
The girl is mad because Mitsuko here stole her
boyfriend, and now she wants revenge. She starts
beating her to the floor but gets tased and
drops her gun. They both rush in to grab it,
but she's faster and shoots the other girl in the
back. It's unfortunate, but we're not going to
escape petty high school drama on this island.
Now, unless you're already a terrible person,
the mind will be forced to justify the killing
as a coping mechanism for survival, and hatred
is always an incredible motivator to rationalise
murder. So, if someone has a grudge against you,
you better believe you're first on their list and
they'll be seeking you out.I would be paying close
attention every day to the announcement to check
if my high school enemies were still alive because
it may change my planning if I knew someone
was coming specifically for me and me alone.
Trekking across the island, the girl falls
unconscious from a fever. The map says there's
a clinic nearby and Shuya here carries her all
the way to this building. He doesn't see anyone
around, but accidentally trips an alarm. The
transfer student with a bandana comes out of
hiding and lets them inside, treating the girl
with the clinic's medicine. They got lucky.
One of the toughest guys in the game is
also one of the nicest, or is he? Okay,
this is dangerous. I don't know anything about
this guy and just because he let us in for a rest
doesn't mean he won't kill us or use us for his
own survival. If I saw someone with a sick girl
and a pot lid, I wouldn't consider them a
threat, and could be more useful alive by
keeping watch for enemies or even as a human
shield in combat. That's why if I were them,
I would take advantage of his trust, make a
trade for better weapons, shoot him and run away.
I'm not here to make more friends, I'm here to
kill them. Meanwhile, this student finds three
others trying to carry this generator up the
stairs and these guys have a pretty high-tech
setup, linking cell phones to this laptop. The
kid reveals he was given a collar tracker as his
weapon, which he is using to find other players.
These guys didn't know what they're doing, and
getting power from a generator is smart, but it's
also going to attract a lot of unwanted attention.
We can expect students to gravitate towards
shelters like abandoned buildings, factories,
and lighthouses, both to get out of the weather
and also to find students hiding there that you
can kill. If you're first to one of these, you'll
have to defend it and likely from more than one
at a time, so it's not the best strategy. I would
stay outside and build my own shelter out of mud,
leaves, and branches, so I'm covered from the
weather and camouflaged. The hacker learns there
are microphones in the collars, and that's how
the Battle Royale's administrators know what
they're up to. Using his laptop, he tells his
friends to find fertiliser, pesticide, charcoal,
sulphur, and kerosene before he starts
coding his hacking program. These sound
like a strange collection, but together, the
effects can make an explosive difference.
Now, this is a great idea. Unfortunately,
you still need to find people to use it on.
Bigger weapons are useful, but it's strategy
that wins this Death Game. I would be trying
to predict people's movements. Since we know they
have to leave the danger zones that are announced
each morning, the geography and terrain will
tell me their likelihood of movement from one
sector to another. They're less likely to climb up
mountains than down and they're more likely to be
pushed into low-lying terrain for water and flat
terrain for ease of travel. Predicting other's
movements is a great way to hunt them. This is
death chess and we need to be one step ahead.
Meanwhile, this athletic girl gets back to her
shelter after a run and bumps into a student
with a crossbow. He wants to get freaky
with her, but she's not feeling it today.
With the most brutal move of the game,
she stabs him straight in the dick.
That's a one hell of a cock block. But suddenly,
Mitsuko appears and shoots her dead. Now,
this brings up an important point. These are
young high school students, many of whom will
die before they've had certain experiences that
nobody wants to die without. I'm not gonna lie,
if I were a girl, I would weaponise this desire
against the males for the sake of survival.
If she dangled the carrot, that boy would
have had the motivation to defend her.
That night, the transfer student reveals that,
three years ago, he had been the winner of a past
Battle Royale. He also tells them that he knows a
way off the island, but he can only tell them when
the time comes. He gives the other boy a gun and
some ammo to convince him he's telling the truth,
but all of a sudden, they hear gunfire outside.
Outside the clinic, the other transfer student
corners another kid and shoots him, except he's
wearing a bulletproof vest. But the guy comes back
with a Samurai sword and finishes him off, and
that's not even the worst thing he does to him.
The transfer student throws the kid's head through
the window with a grenade lodged in his mouth and
they all run for cover. Shuya here leaps out of
the window and runs for it, leading the psycho
student on a foot chase to the coast. With nowhere
to run, he throws himself into the sea moments
before the other student catches up and blasts
the water with gunfire. Okay, this seems like
a terrible idea because you can't evade bullets
while in water, but it's actually the best move
you can make. When a bullet hits the water, it
slows down due to drag and even veers off-target.
In the case of heavy-calibre ammo, the bullet will
decelerate so fast in the water that it shatters
into pieces. You could be as close as three
feet below the surface and you're totally safe.
It's the second day and he's woken up by a girl
who tells him four more students have died,
and that his friend, the hacker, is waiting for
him in the west. The girls downstairs are getting
lunch ready, but one of them is very uncomfortable
with the boy's presence and decides to poison him,
and that's when things go wrong. Another girl eats
the poisoned spaghetti, shocking everyone when she
suddenly dies. They freak out and start accusing
each other, grab their guns and start firing,
killing everyone in the room. The boy runs down
to find six more dead, and lunch is ruined.
Okay, this is a great example of how a
group collaboration can go all wrong.
Even if it's all smiles and rainbows, these girls
do not trust each other, and all it takes is one
ounce of suspicion to throw everyone out of
control. If you're going to kill your homies,
kill them all at the same time in their sleep,
so no one can alert the others of your betrayal.
Shuya meets up with the other two, decide to
make the long journey west to met the hacker.
They're injured, exhausted, and need food and
water, but they press on. Okay, now students
aren't the only killers, nature can be a harsh
mistress too. They're exposed to heat stroke,
dehydration, dysentery, hunger and blood
loss. These are all killers in the wilderness,
if not taken care of quickly. Food can be
found from fruit trees, berries and mushrooms,
but only if you know what to look for.
But that's not even your biggest problem.
This is an island and it's hot
and mountainous. Trekking across
this place will make you sweat profusely
and you'll need water very quickly. Now,
most of what makes water dangerous isn't visible.
Rain can create dirty runoff and eutrophication
and dead animals upstream can affect the water.
The best way to tell is to look for animal tracks,
bugs and green vegetation nearby. If other living
things are drinking from it, you probably can too.
The best place to look is in valleys and low
points, because water always runs downwards,
then follow it upstream to get the cleanest water
possible. Another option is to make a solar still.
By digging a hole in the ground, putting a clear
sheet over the hole, the sun will evaporate the
groundwater, causing condensation in the sheet,
and you can collect it from the centre, as it
drips into your cup. You'll get less and it takes
longer, but it will be cleaner than running water.
The kid with the GPS tracker arrives at an
abandoned warehouse, looking for his high
school crush, but the girl empties her gun on him.
Regretfully, she only finds out afterwards that he
came to save her. She could have really used that
extra protection because Mitsuko here sneaks up
and guns her down, and the death cycle continues
as she's suddenly attacked and killed by the
psycho transfer student. Across the island, the
hacker finalises the code to his hacking program,
while his two friends mix the chemicals together
to create bombs. Impressively resourceful.
They activate the software and sabotage the
computers of the Battle Royale administrators,
and for a brief moment, there's no GPS tracking
and no collar activation for any student. The
only way for the administrators to
stop it is to pull the hard reset.
Okay, this is a big deal. It proved that cheating
is actually a viable option at beating this game,
and that there's a scenario here where our real
survival depends on defeating the teachers,
not our fellow students. It's time to start
strategising against the game itself. Now,
we know that the collars are triggered by wave
frequencies, and we're on an island that there
must be a local antenna to transmit the signals
through. GPS tracking works by emitting microwave
signals that go through these relays to reach the
satellites above. These waves pass through nearly
everything, except for metal, which reflects the
signal. Destroying the antenna's receiver won't
just nullify your own collar, but everyone's
collar on the island. This gives us the chance
to work together for our collective survival,
and totally eliminates the need to kill each
other. And if that happens, we can focus on the
real enemy, the government. The students begin
loading their gear into a truck, intent on ramming
the school with explosives, but just as they're
about to leave, they get attacked by the one and
only psycho transfer student. He kills them and
sets off the bombs in the truck. The last few
survivors arrive, they see the psycho student is
still alive. Kawada here finishes him off with a
shot to the collar, blowing him into smithereens.
Okay, this is awkward, because now there's no bad
guy, and there can only be one winner. It's time
to start planning your friends' deaths. There's
no doubt that all three have the same thought,
but no one will openly admit it because
it will scatter them, making them harder
to kill and you might not find them before the
time runs out and everyone is dead. If it's me,
I'm suggesting we make a temporary pact to
discard all weapons while we discuss what to do,
but conceal a knife or a rope. The ploy forces
all three people to pretend to be friends for
as long as possible, while you disarm them,
which makes them more vulnerable to kill.
It's the final day. They head to the coast
of the transfer student's escape route,
but he reveals it was all a lie. They are
his ticket out, and he shoots them both,
making him this year's winner of the Battle
Royale. Cold-blooded. Later, he'll reunite to the
teacher back at the school, who discovers that
the kid's collar has somehow been deactivated,
and that he didn't shoot the other students. It
was a trick, and the boy shoots the teacher dead.
It's finally over as the three students throw away
their explosive collars and relax. Their friend
Kawada dies on his way back to the mainland,
and the other two are declared wanted fugitives
by the government. They might have beaten the
Battle Royale, but they can't escape the law.
What do you think? How would you beat Battle
Royale? Let me know with a comment down below.
Thank you so much for watching, leave
a like and subscribe, and check out the
'How To Beat' playlist for more videos like
this. Until next time, have a damn good day.